alright what is up you guys um today I
got a quick tutorial on how to give
yourself items on your minecraft server
and off yourself on your minecraft
server opping basically gives you access
to everything so first you're gonna open
up your server of course and join it on
minecraft so hold on let me start up on
minecraft server all right just wait for
it to load and once it finishes open up
it up I'll join in on minecraft and open
it up look I'm just going down on
minecraft so let's login no gain hold on
all right I'm enjoying your server so
its muscles alright so whoopty-doo so
notice notice I can build edit all that
good stuff alright so once you have your
server up then just pull up your prompt
here go into the tight box make sure
that in the player section you're there
and then type in 0 p which is off States
and then your name so whatever you're
using a month haha on this for three
group hit enter and they'll say you are
now off in the console right down there
in the corner it says you are now off
from the console so that means you're
off so you can basically do what you
want so if you type game mode you can
change it to creative um hold on I'm
shot in here
try that one more calm all right
whatever um you're off so you need to do
what I'm about to show you so then just
disconnect your server quit the game you
need off for what I'm going to show you
open up your internet browser i'll have
a link in the description to this if you
don't feel like like searching for it
yourself it's really easy and i have to
update my internet of course so just
give me a second alright so i got
updates and then I minute all right so
all right so then just go to Google
there we go and then type in too many
items and then I'm go to the one point 0
point 0 1 it should be the first link
and make sure it says 1 point 0 point 0
that's the version you're running on
probably i don't know but you should be
scroll all the way down and find the
download for one point point 0 and just
click on it and on when you click on it
I'm go to an ad fly and then you wait
the five seconds up here in the South
corner and then you hit skip ad and then
um you save the file to your desktop
already done that some are going to then
once it's on here um make sure you have
winter are you don't have winrar only
korean description for that um i'll show
you just go to the top and type in rawr
um lab com go to our lab and then I'm go
to um I forget where it is um
bria prepara just go to the downloads
tab up there at the top so you'll see
downloads and then I'm download the top
one and then I'm install it it's pretty
simple alright so then open the too many
items folder minimize it go over here to
the start button type in % app data % it
hit enter go to the dot minecraft folder
go to the bin then and minecraft make
sure you go to the minecraft not
minecraft- one point to point out you
see that just go to the one that I
simply minecraft right click it go to
open with WinRAR archiver alright then
find the meta information folder right
click it hit delete files click yes then
open the too many items folder it
control control a and then it'll
highlight everything in the file or
folder then drag all the class files in
there and do your own minecraft that jar
and click ok then exit out of too many
items and your jar and your server
should still be running like in its
platform then open up minecraft all
right and by the way you can off other
players also so you can op them and then
they can hit instead of a just instead
of them typing or installing too many
items thyself they can just hit / give
and then whatever item in want so then
go on to your server then when you hit
ito up in your inventory you're gonna
have a selection of items over here and
you can get anything you want off from
these selection so if i wanted sword
it'll just spawn it in front of me
socking likes phone stump right in front
of me alright and there it all is right
there in the big pop pick it up now how
all this stuff this is when I drop my
stuff earlier uh it's not down here
anymore but
drop my stuff earlier in this hole and
then let's say um you off a person and
it was a huge mistake you can d off
yourself so if i wanted to diop myself i
just go into the console type beat up
and then whoever's name you want to be
out so this case it's going to be myself
and then it says you are no longer up in
the console alright and then you cannot
give yourself stuff see like you click
on it it doesn't let you spawn it so I'm
gonna have my time to click on it not
know which is foam stuff so there you
guys go I hope you enjoy this tutorial
and I hope it helped you guys so peace